10.3.0 Release (#4594)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/10.2.1.md

## 10.2.1

_Released 6/24/2022_

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a memory leak in Chromium-based browsers caused by storing `data:` urls
  containing base64 encoded files unnecessarily. Fixed
  [#17853](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17853) and
  [#22462](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22462).
- Updated cross-origin cookie handling to align with browser behavior. This
  fixed various issues with cookies when testing across multiple origins. Fixed
  [#21363](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21363) and
  [#20685](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/20685).
- Fixed a 9.x to 10.x migration bug where the migration tool would hang without
  a response when it attempted to read the `pluginsFile` contents when the
  `pluginsFile` value was a directory path instead of a relative file path.

>   Fixed

Reviewer: need an issue here

- Fixed the process profiler to output Cypress's summarized CPU and memory
  metrics when the `cypress:server:util:process_profiler` debug stream is
  enabled. Fixed [#22022](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/22022).
- Added a new clear button to easily clear the search text when filtering specs
  in the Cypress runner. Fixes
  [#21686](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21686).
- Fix styling issue observed when long texted was entered in the search when

>   filter specs in the Cypress runner. Fixes

Reviewer 2: Line 25: ```texted``` -> ```text```
Line 26: ```filter``` -> ```filtering```

> - Fix styling issue observed when long texted was entered in the search when
>   filter specs in the Cypress runner. Fixes

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix styling issue observed when long text was entered in the search when
  filtering specs in the Cypress runner. Fixes
```
